Carlos loves to shoot basketball at the carnival.
Both.
He shot ten hooks yesterday and has shot
even more today.
When the game ends, the worker shuts the booth.
He shut it early last night and has shut
down many games before.
Near the carousel, children sing happily.
A little girl sang a tune earlier and the
crowd has sung along all day.
Faith.
People sit on benches to rest.
Growth.
Carlos sat there an hour ago and has sat
in various spots throughout the day.
Worth.
Kids slide down the big slide.
Health.
One boy slid too fast and has slid
cautiously since then.
Wealth.
The carousel horses spin round and round.
Strength.
They spun all morning and have spun non
-stop for hours
.
With.
Balloon cellars stand near the entrance.
Both.
They stood there yesterday too and have
stood in the same spot all week.
Path.
Colorful flags stick to the poles.
Earth.
Some stuck there from last year and have
stuck firmly despite the wind.
Month.
The clock strikes every hour.
Birth.
It struck noon a while ago and has struck
three times since lunch.
Faith.
Workers sweep the paths regularly.
Growth.
They swept the main area this morning and
have swept every corner of the carnival
to keep it clean.
Health.
Carlos enjoys the lively atmosphere,
taking in all the sights and sounds of
the carnival.
Wealth.